---- English ----
This document aims to provide the information needed to develop Enterprise's project.

Goal
Development of an .NET API that meets the requirements of the Project Scope listed below.
You must fork this repository and send the link of your own repository to our team. Remember: it's NOT necessary to do a Pull Request to acomplish this.
We will evaluate your code and send you an email with the result asap.
What will be evaluated?
The purpose of this test is to have a better idea of your .Net knowledge and the all frameworks that comes with it as well. Nevertheless, the use of patterns and a good organization will be greatly appreciated.
The quality and performance of your code.
Your capacity of organize your code.
Effectiveness of your decision-making
PROJECT SCOPE
Develop an API in .NET or .NET Core.
The API should do the following:
Login and authentication of registered users.
OAuth 2.0 patterns are recommended.
Enterprise listing.
Enterprise filter by name and type.
Important
Integration model is in the Postman (https://www.getpostman.com/apps) collection availabled in this repository (https://bitbucket.org/ioasys/empresas-dotnet/src/582aaa55ca60/App_Empresas.postman_collection?at=master)

The API must work exactly the same way as the one available in the postman collection. Below the acess and credentials are provided.

Keep the same structure of the collection in your API, in other words, it should have the same attributes, responses, routes and treatments, working just like our example.

After you finish your code and make it avaliable to us evaluate, we will deploy it on our servers and integrate with the app.

Regardless of how much you acomplish it's important to make it avaliable so that we can evaluate it properly.

It's mandatory to use a SQL Server Database.

Don't forget to send us a dump/script of the database. (You can use migrations if you want to)

Test Info
Server: http://empresas.ioasys.com.br
API Version: v1
Test User: testeapple@ioasys.com.br
Test Password : 12341234
